good morning my name is Tim Cowart I'm
shooting this short video for CPS
Authority to show them the lights that I
do have installed on my vehicle over the
last six months as you can see I do have
red and white from the front they're all
CPS authority with the exception for the
the one in the middle where it's from
Wheeling it was free I'm not going to
turn that down you see I have a run old
push bar on the Ronald push bar I have
the t3 high intensity lights mounted on
a piece of Union strut that I painted
black and mounted to the push bar itself
on up at the top you see the under cover
t threes that I have installed they are
all preset to whatever flash pattern I
want it you can go CPS authority to see
all the different flashpackers for this
unit as you can see in the front
I do have EMS Texas issue plates I am
required by law to stop at all accidents
if there is no mercy vehicles ambulances
fire departments on scene just a little
side note I am with the Diggins
volunteer fire department our policy
guidelines are as I'm not allowed to use
these lights to run through the city
running red lights get to the scene
these lights merely or for my protection
when I get on scene to protect anybody
accident police or otherwise that don't
have enough units for traffic control or
delet Mercy's responding units from
digging volunteer fire department or
Dickinson EMS locate they actually fee
of my lights as we go on you see I have
them from the side 360 from the front
we're gonna move to the back as you can
see I have the t3 high intensity red
white red they're mounted to the glass
using scotch clear two-way tape it's
very easy to apply it's very easy to
remove it does not pull the tent it does
not leave any sticky residue or anything
once you're finished now as we go to the
back
you will see flip through the sunlight
which is even better
you can see I have the phaser 8 stick
mounted in the back of the vehicle and
it does have blue in there States as I
use color any color I want facing the
rear and as you see we're looking into
the sunlight and they are still very
distinctly visible and you also have to
remember that my window tint is very
dark almost limo tint and that the light
stick is recessed about four inches
inside the window and just to give you
an idea just how bright they are we can
open it up and then you can actually see
more distinctly how bright they are I'm
waiting on my highway so they're
supposed to be blue here in the next
couple days I'll probably make another
video but in the meantime I just wanted
to show CPS Authority what I have now
thanks